[IMP] calendar: update Google Calendar sync screenshots (#1982)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/general/calendars/google/google_calendar_credentials.rst

Synchronize Google Calendar with Odoo
=====================================

Synchronize Google Calendar with Odoo to see and manage meetings from both platforms (updates go
in both directions). This integration helps organize your schedule so you never miss a meeting.

Setup in Google
===============

Enable Google Calendar API
--------------------------

Begin by creating a new Google API project and enabling the Google Calendar API. Then, go to the

> `Google API Console <https://console.developers.google.com_>`_ and log into your Google account.

Reviewer: Broken link. remove underscore in URL
```suggestion
`Google API Console <https://console.developers.google.com>`_ and log into your Google account.
```

> To begin, you need to create a new Google API project and enable the Google Calendar API. First, go
> to the `Google API Console <https://console.developers.google.com_>`_ and log into your Google
> account.

Reviewer: • Remove accusatory 2nd-person (unnecessary)
• "To begin..." --> "First..." is redundant

```suggestion
Begin by creating a new Google API project and enabling the Google Calendar API. Go
to the `Google API Console <https://console.developers.google.com_>`_ and log into your Google
account.
```

.. note::

>    If this is your first time visiting this page, Google will prompt you to enter your country and

Reviewer: your --> a given that the requirement is to enter _a_ country (not necessarily _yours_)

```suggestion
   If this is your first time visiting this page, Google will prompt you to enter a country and
```

   agree to the Terms of Service. Select your country from the drop-down list and agree to the
   :abbr:`ToS (Terms of Service)`.
  
Next, click :guilabel:`Select a project` and select or create an API project to store credentials.

> .. image:: google_calendar_credentials/new_api_project.png

Reviewer: Image files should be named with hyphens, not underscores per [guidelines](https://www.odoo.com/documentation/15.0/contributing/documentation/content_guidelines.html#media-files).

Please rename all image files that are referenced in the doc with hyphens (and be sure to update the RST itself to reflect those new names)
```suggestion
.. image:: google_calendar_credentials/new-api-project.png
```

   :align: center
   :alt: Create a new API project to store credentials.

.. tip::
   Give the API Project a clear name like "Odoo Sync" so you can easily find it.

Then, open the API Project and click :guilabel:`Enable APIs and Services`.

.. image:: google_calendar_credentials/enable_apis_services.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Enable APIs and Services on the API Project.

> After that, search for *Google Calendar API* using the search bar and select **Google Calendar
> API** from the search results. Click :guilabel:`Enable`.
> 

Reviewer: Screen selection needs `:guilabel:`
```suggestion
After that, search for *Google Calendar API* using the search bar and select :guilabel:`Google Calendar
API` from the search results. Click :guilabel:`Enable`.

```

.. image:: google_calendar_credentials/enable_google_cal_api.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Enable the Google Calendar API.

Create credentials
------------------

Now that you have created your API project and enabled the Google Calendar API, you need to create
credentials. Begin by clicking :guilabel:`Create Credentials`. Google will then guide you through
four steps to create your API credentials.

> - In the first step, **Credential Type**, select the *Google Calendar API* and *User Data* options.

Reviewer: These all need :guilabel: since they're fields or on-screen selection items

```suggestion
- In the first step, :guilabel:`Credential Type`, select the :guilabel:`Google Calendar API` and :guilabel:`User Data` options.
```

  Then, click :guilabel:`Next`.

.. image:: google_calendar_credentials/credential_type.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Select Google Calendar API and User Data for the Credential Type.

> - In the **OAuth Consent Screen** step, type *Odoo* in the :guilabel:`App name` field, select your

Reviewer: Is **OAuth Consent Screen** a step or a field/section on the UI?
If it's a field/section it needs `:guilabel:` I think...

```suggestion
- In the :guilabel:`OAuth Consent Screen` step, type *Odoo* in the :guilabel:`App name` field, select your
```

  email address for the :guilabel:`User support email` field, and type your email address for the
  :guilabel:`Developer contact information` section. Click :guilabel:`Save and Continue`.

> - Skip the **Scopes** step by clicking :guilabel:`Save and Continue`.

Reviewer: Does **Scopes** need `:guilabel:`?
```suggestion
- Skip the :guilabel:`Scopes` step by clicking :guilabel:`Save and Continue`.
```

> - In the **OAuth Client ID** step, select *Website application* for the :guilabel:`Application

Reviewer: Stopping here.
Please revise the entire document further to include `:guilabel:`for any/all on-screen selection items, headings, fields, options, buttons, etc.
```suggestion
- In the :guilabel:`OAuth Client ID` step, select :guilabel:`Website application` for the :guilabel:`Application
```

  Type` field and type *My Odoo Database* for the :guilabel:`Name`.
  
  - In the **Authorized JavaScript Origins** section, click :guilabel:`+ Add URI` and type your
    company's Odoo URL address.

  - In the **Authorized redirect URIs** section, click :guilabel:`+ Add URI` and type your
    company's Odoo URL address followed by */google_account/authentication*. Finally, click
    :guilabel:`Create` and :guilabel:`Done`.

.. image:: google_calendar_credentials/uri.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Add the authorized JavaScript origins and the authorized redirect URIs.

> After successfully creating a new API project, enable the Google Calendar API, and creating the
> Google Calendar API credentials, you should now have a Client ID and Client Secret.

Reviewer: Is this what was meant here?

```suggestion
After successfully creating a new API project, enabling the Google Calendar API, and generating
Google Calendar API credentials, you should now have a Client ID and Client Secret.
```

Author: Yes! My brain blipped briefly on consistent verb tenses.

Client ID & Client Secret
-------------------------

> The Client ID and the Client Secret are both needed to connect Google Calendar to Odoo. To find the

Reviewer: Would **bolden** these since they're being referenced and defined for the first time right after the last paragraph's conclusion.

```suggestion
The **Client ID** and the **Client Secret** are both needed to connect Google Calendar to Odoo. To find the
```
